	::: ORDINARY WEAR AND TEAR ::: 

Customer shall be responsible for all damage not caused from ordinary wear and tear.

"Ordinary wear and tear" shall mean only the normal deterioration of the equipment caused by ordinary, reasonable and proper use of the equipment.

Customer responsible for all equipment damage. Damage which is not "ordinary wear and tear" includes, but is not limited to:


- damage due to recklessness 

- excessive force on buttons or touch panels 

- disregard of chaperone boundaries 

- intentional breakage 

- improper use and placement of battery pack 

- improper fitting or placement of headset 

- excessively dirty or contaminated hands, body, and/or face 


  ::: Damage to Equipment 1 ::: 

Client shall be responsible for the reasonable cost of repairing or replacing (to the extent that VirKade LLC determines, in its reasonable judgment that repairs cannot be adequately effected) any VirKade LLC equipment damaged or destroyed by Client, as defined below hereof (ordinary wear and tear excepted).  

  ::: Damage to Equipment 2 ::: 

The Client will be responsible for any damage or loss to the Provider’s equipment due to misuse by the Client or any guest of the Client and in the case of theft or damage (due to, but not limited to, recklessness, excessive force, or disregard of boundaries).  
Additionally, if the Provider judges the weather during the course of the Event to be inclement and thus unsafe, they reserve the right to cease operations for the safety of the equipment and of the clients, in which case no refund will be given.  

  ::: Damage to Equipment 3 ::: 

I agree to pay for any damage to the equipment caused by my negligence, misuse, abuse or carelessness.  

  ::: Equipment Failures 1 ::: 

In the event of equipment failures beyond Virkade’s control, VirKade LLC shall take reasonable and prompt steps to minimize service interruptions but shall have no liability with respect thereto.  
In the event of an equipment failure, VirKade LLC shall do anything deemed reasonable to justify the loss of time due to said failure.  
VirKade LLC shall take every precaution to ensure equipment failures do not occur. However, the participant understands that technology, Especially the new technology that VirKade LLC has developed and or uses, is not perfect and may not always function the way it is intended.  

  ::: Viveport & Experience 1 ::: 

Viveport or any other activity experienced within VR is licensed but not owned or managed by VirKade LLC.  
Customer agree to adhere to the terms of use defined by each experience including but not limited to Viveport.  